1)	Game now runs in CTF mode.
2)	Created three classes, Assault, Scout, and Support. Each with two different weapons one item and one ability.
3)	Each class has different max health and max armor values.
4)	Character model differs according to class.
5)	Player now has menu for team and class selection and spawns as soon as class is selected
6)	Class\team changing requires player to be dead, preventing players from spawning instantly with a different class before being killed.
7)	New menu for communication also implemented
8)	The class menu has a new Credits menu.
9)	Made sure player spawn in the right base according to team
10)	Made sure player can jump into spectator mode whenever he wants even if it’s from the class menu.
11)	A count of the number of players playing a certain class is given on the whole and not on the basis of a team.  
12)	Experience system implemented to count experience gained from kills only unlike previous mod. 
13)	Three abilities Speed, Cloak and grapple grenade.
14)	30 exp is needed to use ability if 60 is achieved player can use ability twice and so on
15)	New hud elements show xp gained in current life and total xp on the top right corner of the screen.
16)	New hud timers show how long abilities are available for use
17)	Droppable item for Assault was changed, instead of proximity mine now Assault drops armor each worth 25 armor value.
18)	All item, weapon and flag\tech spawns have been stopped.
19)	Items are limited to 5 and do not recharge.
20)	New bindings tell you player class and team name.
21)	New sounds for jumping, spawning and weapons. 
22)	New sounds included for radio.
23)	New model included for Assault class.
24)	New particle effects for weapons and abilities
25)	Prime target was not implemented because it did not suit the gameplay.
26)	Blaster fires bullets now.
27)	Gibberator gun (shotgun and supershotgun)-> shoots bloody blaster bolts and spread blood and gibs practically creating a blood screen around the player.
28)	Machinegun and chaingun have only change effects and machine gun has 0 spread.
29)	Rocket launcher fire’s projectile rocker with more damage and damage radius.
30)	Railgun fires bullet shots that are like insta-kill, it also has a scope included.